# Credit-Card-Approval-Prediction

### We aim to choose a Machine Learning model for this project which has the abiility to correctly predict the approval percentage of credit card when the user submits his/her application for the credit card approval. We try multiple machine learning algorithms and finally choose the one which gives us the best accuracy and then deploy that model using Gradio.
The improvement of the credit scoring system in the financial sector is the use-case for this machine learning application. Conventional credit score cards assess the likelihood of future defaults and credit card borrowings using previous data and regression models. Unfortunately, previous models may lose their forecasting ability during economic downturns, resulting in erroneous credit scores.
Finding a model that can deliver credit scoring with both accuracy and transparency is the aim of this machine learning use case. By guaranteeing that credit judgments are reasonable, impartial, and trustworthy, this will enhance the whole decision-making process in the financial sector. Financial Institutions can make better decisions about who to grant credit card to and be able to effectively communicate those decisions to clients by utilizing machine learning to assess a larger range of data inputs and produce more accurate credit scores. 

We used Gradio for building the website where the user fills out his/ her application form for credit card and they get an approval percentage as an end result. Furthermore, a bar graph too is displayed on the screen which gives the applicant a better idea as to which factors led to his/ her approval or rejection of credit card.
